.TH vigcrack 1 "September 24, 2016" "version 0.0.2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
vigcrack \- a Vigenere cryptoanalysis tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pig [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIVigcrack\fR is a cryptoanalysis tool which can help on crack \fIVigenère\fR ciphertexts. This tool is not strictly based on
\fIBabbage's\fR/\fIKasiski's\fR approach. In fact, here is not performed frequency analysis. Here what we get is a more brainy
\fIHangman\fR which does not hang any innocent stick figure...
.PP
I have developed this tool during my first reading of \fIThe Code Book\fR from \fISimon Singh\fR. Here you got a "reissue" from
this crypto-tool.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-file-path=\fI<path>\fR
Indicates the file path of the input (usually a Vigenere cryptogram).

.TP
\-\-key=\fI<data>\fR
Specifies the keyword for being used during the process.

.TP
\-\-min-key-len=\fI<len>\fR
Specifies the minimal keyword length.

.TP
\-\-max-key-len=\fI<len>\fR
Specifies the maximium keyword length.

.TP
\-\-help
Invokes the general software help.

.TP
\-\-help=\fI<mode-name>\fR
Invokes the general software help of a given mode.

.TP
\-\-version
Shows the application version.

.PP
This software implements several operation modes you should consult the general help for knowing more about each available
operation mode.

.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
If the execution succeeds vigcrack returns zero, otherwise non zero value will be returned.

.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/vigcrack/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system)
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
https://github.com/rafael-santiago/vigcrack
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago <voidbrainvoid@gmail.com>
